Hello, we bring to your attention
children's quad bike imax sp 302
technical given jet ski mass to
cycle 85 kilograms maximum load
and where the rash is installed four stroke
110 cubic engine
centimeters he works in a pair with
CVT option to reverse
Foot switch on the steering wheel is installed
the indicator is on the back and
neutral gear
rear wheel drive
relief goal
Tomazo ATV rear brake
hydraulic disc with possibility
parking lock
front drums are also a possibility
ATVs set Ural
control that allows you to drown out or
start a cause cycle at a distance of up to 200
meters with given bottle
electric starter not allowed
best or special button
where we turn off the ignition
This ATV warranty puts 1 year